I just think a place like Cornell that says it's leading the world in digitizing books ought to be proud of that fact.
There's absolutely nothing wrong.
In fact, it's good to try to, you know, make this stuff work.
But in practice, what these digitizing programs sometimes do, I think, is make the same mistake that Caxton made when he set Mallory's Morte d'Auteur in tight, which was, it's set in tight.
therefore the manuscript can simply be lost, is a thing that has no value anymore.
We've sucked it into the world of print, and therefore the handwritten work is just, you know, it's valueless.
So that's why the manuscripts that Paxton worked from were lost.
Because, and many manuscripts, I'm told, I'm not by any means, you know, an expert in the migration to print, but many manuscripts were lost in it because once they were set in title.
I'll give you a better example.
Yeah.
An example that certainly doesn't look good.
I love that one, but because when you read the first, and I mentioned this in my book, as a matter of fact, when you read the first photo, when you read Heming and Condell, and they say, this book is printed from the true original copies,
It's honey right there.
And yet, fully 50% of Shakespeare, you know, exists.
You know, we had quartos for Hamlet, but you didn't have a quartos for The Tempest, and you didn't have one for Macbeth, and you didn't have one for Antony and Cleopatra.
Those are three pretty big plays that would exist, that exist only because of their publication in 1623 in the Therese Folio, right?
No manuscripts survive of anything.
We don't know, you know, did The Pritchers,
Who divided this stuff into acts and scenes?
You know, the thought is maybe Ben Johnson did.
Maybe Ben Johnson was the editor of the Therese Folio, because he also published his works, and he called them the works just prior to that.
Did Shakespeare divide these into acts and scenes?
He probably did, but wouldn't it be nice to see his, wouldn't it be nice, nice to have to work on his works?
No, no, no.
Totally gone.
And once they printed, and the first folio was a beautiful print job, you know, for the most part, has some 17th century era that you'd expect.
Either they tossed the originals, or they were, you know.
But that's all 36 plays that are in the first folio gone.
And that's, I think, what you're saying.
And I hadn't thought of it
at all as an example here.
Well, but any new technology is very exciting and it's lots of fun.
And always the temptation is to devalue the old technology because it's so hard
to make the new one work properly.
It's a lot of work.
So you kind of say, well, you know, these books are disintegrating or they're not being read or we've got to get away from the warehouse mentality or, you know, any number of ways of saying what we used to do is no good because we are in a new world where we can store things
a different way, and it's a very useful way of storing things for a number of, I mean, it's nice to go to search through all of Swift or something to find a particular word.
But a lot of bad, this is the point at which bad things happen to the history of ideas, and this is the point where we actually lose things.
And the only way that losses will be prevented
is that people who really know about what it takes to do complicated research projects think about how they go about research and then say, no, because you have a certain number of books digitized does not mean that I have an equivalent, that I am just as well served this way.
Would you please proceed with,
with all your well-funded digital projects, but always include in the budget for them some tiny fraction for the preservation of the source copies, either the card catalogs, the books, the manuscripts, whatever.
I mean, nobody would think of scanning Twain's papers and then throwing away Twain's papers, but as soon as
when it's a book and the feeling is always that there are multiple copies, it's like the passenger pigeon.
I mean, there are always multiple copies until there aren't multiple copies.
I mean, we have no nationwide or worldwide way of checking right now that works properly about whether there are duplicates of a given book.
It doesn't happen yet.
So when a library decides, looks at a book and says,
Well, this book was printed in 1911, and it's damaged, and we're not a research librarian anymore.
Let's check it.
They may be checking the last copy of that book.
We don't know.
What I'd like somebody to do is actually do a study.
Find out the books that are... Did I mention this to you?
I want somebody to do this.
I can't do it because I'm not qualified, but a research
librarian, somebody who's doing something, to go to the Library of Congress, find out all the books that the Library of Congress has had to get rid of, either because they've been stolen or damaged beyond repair or gone missing somehow.
I guess we're going to be in two weeks talking to the head of preservation of the Library of Congress.
Well, that's great because the nice thing, here the Library of Congress is sort of our greatest depository library.
It is.
It dwarfs everything else.
And everybody always thinks, well, I can throw this away because
No matter what happens, it'll always be at the Library of Congress.
But you and I know that that's not true.
We also know that they've done studying and found that, you know, a given library only overlaps another given huge library by about 30%.
So I'd like to know, I would like somebody to, you know, go through all the lost books at the Library of Congress and then find out are there any of those that are lost
to all other libraries.
In other words, was this the last copy in the United States, or is this a book that has two books in it?
Of course, there's lots of ephemera that has no duplicate.
Ken Carpenter at Harvard, who I'm talking about, he gave me some cases in the book that was at Knox College that
That's the real problem about talking about all this.
But that one story about concrete is, I mean, if you're interested in that and doing history there, that's a horrible loss, a big gaping hole in your sources.
But to somebody who's interested in, I don't know, the fabrication of umbrellas and everything, all these losses are piecemeals.
And each individual book is a small thing.
But, of course, the run of a newspaper.
So it's very hard to make people understand why this is, you know, why they're tossing out all these thousands of books.
It's bad, because each book is a small battle.
I mean, you could say, well, the library doesn't hurt that much if this book on ethics is no longer on the shelves, because there are lots of other books on it.
So that little battle can't be fought incrementally because we're talking about this whole, this complete entity that is offering the public something that they can't get anywhere else.
And all those little incremental hits that it takes add up to
Well, we lose something, and you say, well, I say, well, all right, so it's a little least fake when we're talking about this.
All right, but if you're a student of the book of the textile industry in the U.S., if you're a student of the Industrial Revolution in America, if you're a student of the harnessing of water power, I mean, that would be of interest.
If you're a feminist scholar and you're interested in the use
of women in the industrial work park, which is all the mill girls were.
This is a primary resource for all of these areas, and it's lost.
And somebody went in to find it, and it was gone.
It was gone, and nobody knows.
You know, when I was up at Cornell, and I had lunch with it, it's important that these
The primary reason for a book that has up-to-date current information, that's the sort of reason that library administrators want to have books, is not always the reason.
Sometimes you're interested in the history of a publisher or the history of technology, so you want to find out how things were done 100 years ago.
And all those other secondary reasons can sometimes be more important.
So a book that's of minor interest as a
primary reference object to tell you true things about the world and have enormous interest secondarily, or a tick collection or something, as you said.
Funny, isn't it?
Yeah.
It's a good little story, isn't it, the tick collection?
Well, what I find is when you make arguments like that, the kind of library administrators who are simply uninterested in the past don't know how things can have secondary interest
start making these sneery things about, oh, well, you'd save everything in your refrigerator.
Oh, you know, why don't you, I bet you, you know, I bet you have a problem throwing away your, your, the wrappers on your bologna or something.
I mean, there's, they kind of, they kind of leap from something that is, is a complicated thing that's potentially of interest, hard to predict how,
to something that's garbage.
And that's why the computer industry is going to have such a difficult time telling its own history.
I log onto the WELL.
The WELL is one of the most important electronic bulletin boards for the early history of WELL, online communities, all that stuff.
I'm a laycomer, I've only been on the well since 93, right?
And I think it started in 85.
And they evolved the conventions, the different kinds of etiquette, the whole vocabulary evolved on the well that then, in some cases, spread out to the larger kind of... You know if I'm starting this year, that's fascinating.
Computer...
But what's sad about the well is it had no understanding of its own historical importance.
And therefore, most of what was on the well in those early years, 1985, 86, is gone.
There's no way that you can study the development of one of the earliest and most interesting electronic communities and how it might have influenced this larger web that we've got now.
Because the source is gone, even though electronic storage is a piece of cake.
I mean, you know, they could have kept the tapes.
They could have kept the, what they've done is kept, you know, best of the well.
So you get a few little sample things.
That's somebody's choice.
Right.
That's somebody's selection.
But you don't get, but periodically, as an anthology, the leaders of each conference go through and purge out
The sanitizing history is what they're doing.
Well, and the argument can be made, well, we've got to get the stuff off of the well when you see it, you know, you don't want to clutter it up.
But my feeling is, you know, that's what backup tapes are for.
You know, that way, 30 years from now, assuming we have the software that's available that can read these old, you know, what would be old antiquated tapes, we would want to know that.
But I don't think even now that the well is saving copies of it.
And who knows, you know, maybe some Nobel laureate in 30 years from now will have been posting crazy messages on the sciences.
That version of Juvenile.
Right.
And there are a lot of writers and people who then became kind of computer pundits who spent time on the well.
It would be very interesting to see their opinions
evolved and the source of their ideas, and all that stuff has passed and it's lost.
Most of it is lost.
See, I'm interested, and I don't know how I'm going to develop a chapter on annotated books.
I think that people learn.
Right, right.
It's fascinating.
Oh, yeah.
And this Paul Ducard, you know Paul, who lives over here at D.U.G.
writing, one of Melissa's friends.
Yeah.
I had a pleasure in this.
He emailed me something last night.
Cambridge University actually has a separate, discreet collection of an annotated book.
Coleridge.
Coleridge is a big annotated book.
There's a whole book on Coleridge.
I believe Yale.
In my book, the new book, Owen Gingrich.
Owen Gingrich.
Missing.
This is a missing... Missing first, or missing list.
I don't know if it's a one or an L. Missing underlined list, I think.
It's actually, and this is the thing that I downloaded.
This is what I did.
This zipped file.
Zipped is a compression utility.
It's what I downloaded from the
And it's 2,282,221.
Essentially 32 megabytes of stuff.
You have to unzip it, though, to get all those.
Hi.
How are you?
Hi there, Geibel.
Nice to meet you.
Thank you.
My name is Nick too.
Yeah.
So look, so I downloaded WD Report Zip, Withdrawn Report Zip.
And then I used PK Unzip, which is this program I'm giving it to you too, to unzip it, meaning, you know, to decompress it.
Okay.
And then... And you're in Norton desktop.
Well, that's just like Windows.
It's just a fancy or an old-fashioned... It's now, you know, four years old.
So I can get into this through regular Windows stuff.
Right.
Just absolutely regular Windows.
And this is what the disk looks like.
It's just like that.
A hundred megabytes of stuff.
But I wanted to... I think I have a time crunch here, but I wanted to save...
Take a little time.
The XL ones, too.
Until he said $50, so that's plenty of time.
Let's get, uh... I'll save, uh... Oh, it's a car.
I have it.
Sweet boy.
Lovely.
How old is he?
Uh, he's three.
All right.
Okay, here are my Excel files.
Okay, now let's see.
Now, what I did... What's this stuff?
Those are the zeros in there.
Let's take a look at it.
This is Excel as a spreadsheet program, like Lotus 1-2-3.
Okay.
And this nice man, Kasim Visram, took that thing that I showed you that I downloaded, and he...
He downloaded it from me.
No, he downloaded it from the same place.
Okay, so this is the... Oh, this is the way.
I sorted this one by call number.
So these are all Chinese books that were discarded.
Okay, so we can start with several things.
The automation department tells me that this list that I got is...
mostly, it's almost, there's some books from earlier eras, but it mostly is from 95.
I think it's 1-1-95 to 4-1-96.
So we've got here something like, well... Let me interrupt for a second.
I mean, the significance of what you just showed me in San Francisco with all those Chinese books.
One of the most
undoubtedly the most important Chinese-American population in the country.
They dumped a bunch of Chinese books.
You're talking about all these affinity centers and reaching out?
Well, they were given a huge gift of Chinese books, probably.
And so they didn't have enough room to hold the Chinese books they had.
Here's the last checked out date.
That's pretty recent.
Okay, this is last checked.
Look, these are all in the 1990s, for God's sakes.
Right.
It was 195, I mean, right up until the day they dumped it.
Right, right.
That was probably pretty cool.
M-I-T-T-L-E, Middleman Ear.
Now, what is this here?
These are the authors.
These are the authors, but, okay.
Okay, so this should be, my spreadsheet doesn't know how to handle these long book codes for some reason, so it gives me this strange number.
This should be the item number, which is their computer item number.
And on another version of the list, I have all the item numbers.
But when I turn it into this spreadsheet thing and then sort it, for some reason it gives me this strange thing.
So we have the last checked out date.
And then this list has two yeses.
This is a list of all the books that have two yeses in these two categories.
Last branch, last copy of the branches, and last copy of the main.
That's Matt Code?
Material code.
And then it says last branch.
Last branch, last main.
Okay, I'm sorry.
Well, these are complicated, difficult to interpret numbers, because even though it says last branch, last main, in some cases, when I double-check, it turns out there is a dupe.
So this list, which I have, which is a total of something like 18,000-plus books.
So it's suspect in some... It is not all the books that are listed as the last copy.
are because they could have thrown it away and then because it was damaged and then bought a replacement copy so there's some but but generally speaking this these 18 000 books out of a larger number of whatever several hundred thousand that were discarded are the last copies in the system now to me you know these dates these dates to some of these people might say hey this book hasn't been used in two years to me every one of these shows
So here we got Chinese.
The Chinese goes on for a long time.
And look at all the 95s, 94s, 93s, 92s.
These were used books.
Oh, yeah.
This is damning information.
This really is.
Although you know what could be true?
I think I asked him about that.
Who's he now?
The automation guy, Steve McLaughlin.
He said maybe...
Maybe that date, say 2-21-96, when they ran the barcode off the last time to withdraw it, it would have registered as a checkout.
Yeah?
How do you explain 5-19-89?
My feeling is that probably this is the last time checked out.
But all the numbers that they have to... In which case, they should all be within a couple of months of each other.
Right, right.
These are all over the block.
Yeah, yeah, it's strange, isn't it?
All these Japanese books, okay?
So you get Japanese, Chinese, Spanish, Korean, all this stuff.
Then you start getting the call numbers.
So here are all the bibliography books.
Look at all this.
Urban and Basic Bibliography.
They're all truncated titles, so we don't even know what the bibliography is.
However, we have the call number.
This is the item number?
This is a chronological item number?
These are the, this is the total, we're at book number 2,760.
There are 18,000 books.
Right.
And this particular spreadsheet program can only handle 16,000 records.
But the actual number of books is, let me see if I can do that.
Last call text.
is 18,000 because I used a different program to count them.
All of this is compressed into that one disk?
This one, last main, where's my last tab?
Yeah, here we go.
Last tab text.
Okay, now if I, I'm hoping this will work for me here.
If I do edit, and I use this editor, this
editor, it cranks for a while.
And it gives me this, it gives me a line count, see?
This is what the Unix guy, the Unix guy sorted the list that I was given and put tabs in place of the Unix commands or something.
So, and here's the list, exactly as it came in, except with tabs.
These are important books.
I mean, I recognize Women Who Kill.
The Origins of Intelligence.
Right, right.
Philosophical fragments, characters, Jacques Melitin.
But look, so the way to count, okay, there's 19,007 lines in this document, and each line represents one book.
Okay, so those are... 19,000 books.
That is a subset of the total number of books.
That's all the books that say last main and last branch, last copy main, last copy branch.
The larger file is so big that I don't have any text editor that can give me a line count, because it just crashes every time I try it.
I tried it just now before you came, and it doesn't work.
It says insufficient memory, because the file is too big for my, for this, anything that I have.
And so the parameters here that you, that
these are last copy books in the system is that right essentially essentially but but you have to when you say that about any particular one you have to double check because it turns out that it might be you know who knows the harvard independent guide to something or other it might be that that they bought a new version of this for instance uh but i gave a list this was the thing that i used when i wrote the letter to the new york times
which I gave you, saying, you know, there's no possible excuse for books like this to be included.
I checked every one of the ones that I... I pulled them off this list.
And then I... So, for instance, let's see.
I don't know.
What was it I was interested in with Rivers... Rivers of America, I thought it was.
Oh, not find files.
I want to search... Is it Rivers of America?
Rivers of North America, I think, right?
Rivers of North America, yeah.
Rivers of North America, Russell.
Okay, so we know.
Now, this is interesting.
Now, 2-13-96, that could have been the discard date, because we could check with the book.
If the book isn't stamped, we know that when they ran the barcode to withdraw it, that was the date that it was recorded as last check.
All right, so then.
But look at this.
So here they've got Rivers of North America, Lakes of North America,
This was where it really took a hit on this particular... Here's the evolution of the ear structure.
Two copies of that book, several copies of that book, The Infinite River.
Yeah.
Now, here's the community that is... Rivers are very important to this place, and the history of rivers, and, you know, any number of... Water.
Water is important to the Bay Area, and they threw out lots of water books.
It's just, you know, figure out.
Anyway, let's go back to this last call thing, because it's a little bit easier to read.
And you can find that book also, I think, is also here, because I think it made it into this list.
You can see it searching here.
Rivers of North America, Israel, Roswell Lakes of North America.
So here it is, sorted by call number, the way it was in the one.
It was sort of hard to read there, but
the structure of the ear.
Paleocurrents and basin analysis was one that just blew me away.
You see, now, here's a lot of 213-96.
Right.
A lot of 213-96.
So probably the weaving party went through, and 213-96, they filled the cart with books, and then the barcode.
That argues very persuasively for that, too.
Right.
It wouldn't be great if it wasn't Flaherty.
I think I'm not going to check the calendar.
No, you're a better man than I am.
Everybody has a calendar for anything.
So I checked.
So now we know sort of the process, why those books got in the discard room.
They went through it.
But it doesn't explain 618-91.
No.
It doesn't.
And I don't know why those books are there.
I don't know if they, in some cases, they weren't, you know, they had it set in a different way of the software.
Yeah, there's evidence to back up what he said, but there's also evidence to suggest something else, too.
Yeah.
I mean, this guy that I'm talking, the automation guy, is in a very tricky position.
I think he's a fundamentally nice guy.
He's a smart guy.
They're scared over there, by the way.
They're not exactly looking forward to my arrival tomorrow morning, a lot of them.
They're willing to talk to me, you know, coffee, blah, blah, blah.
We'll see.
This is fascinating.
So that's the list that I got.
Actually, that isn't the list that I got.
The list that I got was the bigger list that I can't show you on this system.
But this is, you know, for my purposes, this is extraordinary.
Yeah, okay.
So we're...
And you got this by making a formal request, right?
I mean, this wasn't something to get under the table, so to speak.
No, this was part of that suit where I said, look, I want a list of all records relating to discarding, weeding, and everything like that.
And they gave me a bunch of stuff, and they said, no record exists.
There is, however, this computer file.
And I said, okay, if it's on 40 discs, I'll take it, and blah, blah, blah.
And then we worked out a better way.
It was just that I would download it from their website using FTP.
FTP.
File Transfer Protocol.
Do I need that, too?
I don't need that.
What do I need to see this at home?
You need a zip drive.
What kind?
It's called Zip, right?
It's I-Omega.
It looks like this.
Okay, I know I-Omega.
I-Omega Zip 100.
That Zip 100 is a...
state-of-the-art one that's up to... Well, they sell a bigger, fancier, fatter one, but most people, when you tell them you have a zip drive, this is what they think of, because this is the thing they've sold tens of... Now Compaq and a couple other manufacturers actually sell boxes with zip drives built in.
Are you using polymer only to backup material and stuff?
Yeah, because you can, instead of, you know, floppy holding whatever, some small amount,
Okay, and can you just attach this to any of your computers?
You know where it plugs in?
The printer port.
Okay, good.
It just plugs in the printer port.
So all of my computers, I could work this out.
You don't have to do any hardware installation or anything.
You just plug it in the printer port, then run their install software, and it works.
And then you put this disk in, and then how do you access it?
Well, you have to have that.
In order to read...
Good question.
In order to read the one that I showed you here, you have to have Microsoft Excel.
So if you have their business suite of software, you know, you have Microsoft Word, then you... Do you write with Microsoft Excel?
No.
It's normally for financial accounting stuff, but you can sort with it.
I could sort this
by alphabetical.
So you have Microsoft Excel.
Right, right.
And did you get it just for this?
No, I got it to do my taxes.
Okay.
But you could use, also use Lotus 1, 2, 3, I think.
I know somebody who has Microsoft Excel.
Okay.
But let's just double check that, okay, we want to save last one.
You call it landfill, huh?
I call that directory landfill.
Although that's actually not a fair name for it, because I don't have, I don't, only some of the books that we're looking at here went to landfill.
But it's a residence.
Some of them were given away in those big giveaways.
But from my point of view, both are wrong, because, you know.
Look at all the Chinese books.
Let me just say once more for the tape.
Yeah, there are a lot of those Chinese.
I don't know what the story is with those.
I mean, I couldn't... My own areas of strength are... It doesn't even have to be strength.
The city that you're in, I mean, it goes back to getting rid of the papers up in Lowell in a certain way, doesn't it?
This is central to your heritage and to your history.
It would seem to me that you would want to maintain a very, very strong collection in Chinese books.
It would seem to me.
I don't have to be, you know, the second coming of Sir Isaac Newton to figure that one out.
Why Stubbs?
Well, I'm not able to evaluate.
I want them to keep the Chinese books, but I can't evaluate them.
But this one, like William Stubbs, 17 lectures on history.
I can't remember what the actual title is, but you check it out by using their online catalog.
It's a book they should never have gotten rid of.
the collected papers of Adolphus Ward, Cicely Wedgwood's Velvet Studies, Studies in Modern History, English Historians, all these history books, it was foolish of them to get rid of those books.
I can say that because I know a little bit, I mean, I at least have some sense I'm in the ballpark with history.
And so, and I know, the sad thing is that there are not a lot of
lit books on here because some of the lit sections were weeded already before this computer report, and those are the earlier purge reports that we don't have because the automation department said, you know, there's no reason to keep these.
I quote that, and I have a sort of a condensed version of all that in the New Yorker piece.
See, they're trying to purge the history.
They don't want a record of the books that they had.
It's not even important for them to know what books they had, is it?
Right.
Which by itself would be a pretty interesting piece of cultural information, wouldn't it?
You hit it on the head.
I mean, you want to know, for instance, there's a huge German community in San Francisco.
So the German collection was very strong.
A judgment was made at some point recently
to weed the German books, to weed the German collection.
It should only get a two, I think, on this collection development.
And so, and most, a lot of foreign literature, some of it, except for, anyway, so those books go, and then you don't know that the library was strong in German because there was a huge German center.
It's really inexcusable.
It's anti-intellectual.
It's all that stuff.
I mean, we only have nine plays by Sophocles or whatever, but at least we know the names of some of them.
It helps.
Maybe I'm making a big leap there.
But we do know, actually, the great thing is because of concerted effort on the part of a lot of people, we do know some of what we have because we have the character.
Here's a dime.
Oh, yeah.
Let me make sure I save the Excel file, though.
Yes, okay.
I'm going to put my cup out in the kitchen.
I'm going to put the cup over here, okay?
I'm going to just save, real quick, save some of these other files for you.
Good.
Last call number.
These are my notebooks.
I know I'm ready to start writing when I get 40 of these filled.
If you need this back, I'll FedEx it back to you, by the way.
But what I'm saying is, for some reason, you find that you're without something.
No, no, no.
I'm giving you copies.
I'm just giving you copies.
And this, I want to, you know, stress that this is an incomplete.
I understand.
You know, it isn't giving you the whole picture of what the library is.
There's no way I'm going to be able to evaluate the whole thing, but I certainly can use it to draw examples from.
Okay, it's saving.
While it's saving, it's a big file, so obviously it takes a little while.
Let me really quick go through and give you something else.
The thing is that the library actually, did Biller give you stuff?
Yeah, he's sending me everything.
Okay.
I said, instead of giving it to me, why don't you just send it to me, UPS, and I'll send you a check.
That's what I suggested, and he likes that idea.
Okay, well, I'll do the same thing.
I got a lot of stuff, but there was one thing that was really, I really wanted you to see.
This, this is nothing.
This, you can have that.
It's just that, the wonderful five-year-old.
Oh, I love that.
Because, look, this is what I like.
The immediate goal of adding one new book per child each year was in their five-year plan.
But they didn't, they built a library they wouldn't possibly develop.
I've seen, I have the tape, by the way, the future library.
Have you seen that tape, the limit with the Pacific Bellevue?
That's wonderful.
I've seen it once, yeah, that's bizarre.
What I'm trying to get is, it's going to take me a while to find this probably.
I want to get a copy for two things I'm looking for.
One is a copy of the original thing that I sent to the New Yorker, which has a much further record of the book.
But a lot of that got cut out because they cut the piece down.
And so a lot of the
the last copy of the stuff that I had.
Look at this stuff.
That's all.
This is nothing.
This is just... Okay.
This is what I did.
This was... I'll make a copy of this.
I got the card catalog.
And I got, I looked up Israel Russell, right?
I got the drawer from the card catalog.
I looked up Israel Russell.
We know that he, we know that Rivers of North America and something else in North America.
Lakes, I think.
Lakes, okay.
But these are all, all things that were in the card catalog.
By Israel Russell.
Existing glaciers, geology and water resources in Mez Perce, Idaho.
All these geology books.
But they're all gone.
They're no longer in the library.
Either that or possibly, I asked for all these using the card catalog.
I asked for them, thinking maybe they hadn't yet put them in the online catalog because they're behind in that.
But they couldn't find them.
So those were already purged in an earlier thing.
So there's no record.
The only record is the card catalog that says these books were once in the library.
Here's that card catalog, Pat, that I talked to you about.
That's great.
You can have that one.
Oh, come on.
No, no, I don't have the spirit.
There was something else I was looking for that I really wanted to get to you before you went.
What was it?
Oh, it's fine.
I know, I wanted to change it.
Hey, sure.
Yeah.
That's great, thanks.
Pat.
I pulled these out the other day.
These are a collector's item.
That's great.
See, at the end of the piece, you'll see there's a discussion of a little bit of the data processing stuff.
But I have somewhere here, I have all, I have the pictures, all the photos that this one staff member took.
And
There's something else that I was just going to get.
It'll come to me.
But what I'll have to do is mail it to you.
Okay.
Can you burn a copy of that?
This has been... This has exceeded... This, right?
I should just take time and go through all this.
I'm going to ask you to do something.
This is the collector.
Sign one for me.
Inscribe it.
You got a pen?
Okay, good.
It's like having Steve.
You mean, you mean to try it to you, right?
To me, to Nick Basbanes, you bet.
All part of the, it's the physicality, you know, this is, there's a book I just got, I carried it right out to California, called Paratexts, have you heard of it?
It's published by Cambridge University Press.